Let's try adding a bit of method working with [[Claude code]]. The first thing I want to do is to set the ouput [[style]] to "learning". This way [[Claude code]] stops and teach me how to code some part of my [[design]]. The second thing I was thinking of is running parallel sessions using [[Git worktree]]. Yet, I understand [[Git worktree]]s are for isolating file edits while I was thinking more of a coordination [[pattern]]. My intent is here for intuitiveness to review each feature and debug them. Reduce cognitive and intent debt also. 

[[Output]] [[style]] seems enough, for now. 

Second thing, now I will learn, let's run some "intent debt" reduction. I see I have a lot of conflicts across my [[documentation]]. Mainly the last iteration where I did not implement all the tasks I drafted. My doc [[agent harness]] here is [[Speckit]]. 

The bug I have here is that the [[data]] sources upload is not intuitive : you can only load one dataset at a time, and you don't understand the objective here is to upload two unrelated [[datasets]]. The issue is a silent fail coming from the world bank api. The second is a UX problem. In fact the pb is that [[Claude code]] did not look for the official API and I didn't control what he was doing neither. That's intent and technical and cognitive debt I am repaying. Turns out the World Bank on its Data360 API does something quite interesting, and use Azure cognitive [[search]], which sounds like [[Retrieval Augmented Generation]]. I wonder what the trade-off is here between the [[Model Context Protocol (MCP)]] and the [[application programming interface]]. 

Also let's now differentiate my development [[environment]] from my production [[environment]]. 

I stumble upon the issue of a broken [[virtual environment]]. 

Started also to [[design]] a [[knowledge base]] for lawyers. I struggle with strict harness constraints of a word document. Reproducing templating technique with language. 

FOUND A KILLING WAY TO WORK : 

1. open locally your app
2. tell [[claude code]] to [[monitor]] backend and frontend
3. [[graph/Test]] your app
4. it will make errors pop up and correct instantly
5. you get to debug at the spped of light

Somehow, the MCP offers the ability to do better [[data]] searches, using plain languages instead of poor keyword matching. 

On the [[knowledge base]] [[design]], I have issue specific to the [[knowledge]] shape. Plain text is here a pain the ass for the machine, I get to [[add]] a more technical langugage into the [[knowledge base]], otherwise it takes too much time and [[Claude]] gets lost in translation. Feels like speaking turkish to a chinese.

So I added javascript in a plain language document. As GenAI are multilingual, across technical and human language. 

Working with LLMs is closer to working cross languages than anything else. Just need to know which language is the [[BEST]]. 

Feels like I reached something with my [[knowledge]] store. Now I need to look for 